collection   collaborate  modele  middleware  MEV and PBS.









just  

You  c

is 

in facet

 it reall 

t ohera

bn 

a digital 

whic \



Ray i promis you .we doubt this man at our own peril 

You are looking at the second coming of Nostradams

Hey . i'm just an engineer

No no no you are a prophet. Chanda

if  i don't work for Ajit prasad

You'd be calling me a patent troll

En prasad may get the spotlight

But we konw you're the guy-behind-the-guy 

Allince isn't patenting the technology

They're not even developing it. As for as i know 

The UIs will transform business. Medicine  construction

once thay are running things. humans can kick back   all at once.  and for good

This'll birth a massive retirememt industry  for the young . which will have its own opportunities 

the market for new products and services is endless .

Can you give us an example ?

You mean like a free sample   no  double your current salary year one 

Stock bonuses commensurate with patent performance  and you come into the spotlight ,my friend  uh that's ...very generous  very tempting uh but  this has nothing to do with generosity 

You're worth this 

mr's chanda  

Researchers claim the nuclear plant maintenance program will make human supervision redundant  

North Korean Leader said to be seeking digital immortality 

Prized alliance engineer Vinod Chanda missing , feared kidnapped. 

Diner's ready okey 

And Dad's home 

hey dad 

hi

With tofu and bok choy

is that alright 

i thought you said someting about a home-cooked meal 

this is home-cooked 

Monday through Thursday 

all l eat is Chinese take-out or room serivice 

I don't understand I see that

This is home-cooked . I cooked it 

You've stated that twice now . I haven't disputed it once 

how's San Jose?  How' s  school 

i got call from Caspian's calculus teacher today 

she said he's ready to take the AP exam now and start a collage course next semester 

well it's good he's past that .differential calc's worthless

worthless 

It's not practical in the real world  

Less you wanna be a teacher 

You want to be a programmer  lambda 

well i thought it was impressive 

and if you were hiring for Centillion or logorhythms 

You opinion might have value  I know Lambda 

really 

so if i were to give you a  problem 

like the kind they throw for an entry-level coder job  



















